chore: add instructions about the `python modules error` to the troubleshoothing (#256)
GoogleCloudPlatform/terraform-google-secured-data-warehouse: docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

- **Terraform**: Use the input `service_account_email` from the [Dataflow Flex Job Module](../modules/dataflow-flex-job/README.md#inputs).

For more details about Dataflow staging files see [Resource usage and management](https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/docs/guides/deploying-a-pipeline#resource-usage-and-management) documentation.

### No matching distribution found for apache-beam==2.30.0

> An user deploys a new Dataflow job in the console and the job creation fails.

Reviewer: consider "After deploying a new Dataflow job in the console, the job creation fails."

Looking at the **Job Logs** section, in the bottom part of the job detail page, there is an error with the message:

**Error message:**

```console
https://LOCATION-python.pkg.dev/ARTIFACT-REGISTRY-PROJECT-ID/python-modules/simple/
ERROR: Could not find a version that satisfies the requirement apache-beam==2.30.0 (from versions: none)
ERROR: No matching distribution found for apache-beam==2.30.0
```

**Cause:**

> The Dataflow [Worker Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/docs/concepts/security-and-permissions#worker_service_account) is trying to access the [Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/python/quickstart) to download the apache beam module but do not have the right permissions to access it.

Reviewer 2: *Apache Beam*
```suggestion
The Dataflow [Worker Service Account](https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/docs/concepts/security-and-permissions#worker_service_account) is trying to access the [Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/python/quickstart) to download the **Apache Beam module** but do not have the right permissions to access it.
```

**Solution:**

> You must grant the role Artifact Registry Reader (`roles/artifactregistry.reader`) in the Artifact Registry Repository the has the python modules to the Dataflow Worker Service Account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must grant the role Artifact Registry Reader (`roles/artifactregistry.reader`) in the Artifact Registry Repository where the python modules are to the Dataflow Worker Service Account.
```

> You must grant the role Artifact Registry Reader (`roles/artifactregistry.reader`) in the Artifact Registry Repository the has the python modules to the Dataflow Worker Service Account.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You must grant the role Artifact Registry Reader (`roles/artifactregistry.reader`) in the Artifact Registry Repository, that host the Python modules, to the Dataflow Worker Service Account.
```

You must use the appropriate Service Account created by the main module.

- Data ingestion:
  - Module output: `dataflow_controller_service_account_email`
  - Email format: `sa-dataflow-controller@<DATA-INGESTION-PROJECT-ID>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`
- Confidential Data:
  - Module output: `confidential_dataflow_controller_service_account_email`
  - Email format: `sa-dataflow-controller-reid@<CONFIDENTIAL-DATA-PROJECT-ID>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`

Using gcloud command:

```console
export project_id=<ARTIFACT-REGISTRY-PROJECT-ID>
export location=<ARTIFACT-REGISTRY-REPOSITORY-LOCATION>
export dataflow_worker_service_account=<DATAFLOW-WORKER-SERVICE-ACCOUNT>

gcloud artifacts repositories add-iam-policy-binding python-modules \
--member="serviceAccount:${dataflow_worker_service_account}"  \
--role='roles/artifactregistry.reader' \
--project=${project_id} \
--location=${location}
```

Using terraform:

```hcl
resource "google_artifact_registry_repository_iam_member" "python_reader" {
  provider = google-beta

>   project    = <ARTIFACT-REGISTRY-PROJECT-ID>

Reviewer: Although I understand the example, consider use the normal terraform substitution methods as an example such as defining some locals and then referencing them as `local.project_id` or else use an actual example string such as `project = "CONFIDENTIAL-DATA-PROJECT-ID"`
`serviceAccount:sa-dataflow-controller-reid@CONFIDENTIAL-DATA-PROJECT-ID.iam.gserviceaccount.com`

Author: @erlanderlo I made the change. Could you PTAL?
